Oh no, liberators. It has many meanings. One meaning is liberators. What liberator? What are you
going to convert, like taking up or liberated?
Liberated from all the difficulties, troubles, challenges, and the liberating for all the cause of
the trouble and the challenges.
What is the Buddha teaching called? It is our negative emotions. Negative emotions. What are
negative emotions?
Loring, squeezing. I'm sorry. I've made big mistakes. I don't know how that came. Oh, oh, oh. What
is negative emotions? Completely opposite what I said.
So you must correct me, too, as I go. Because we are all Sangha members, really, through the Sangha
members. But the meaning of the Sangha members in the Buddha teaching supports each other, helps
each other, to their part, their understanding, and moving forward.
That is the meaning of the Sangha members. So put that, put, "You have 100% right to help me." What
is negative emotions? Negative emotions are ignorance, anger, and attachment.
These are the fundamental cause, root of the difficulty, troubles, and challenges in our lives.
And that ignorance, attachment, anger, combination is called what? Ego. Ego-clinging. Ego-clinging
is the, like, bowl of, just bowl of emotions, as suggested.
Then ignorance, attachment, anger, jealous, and arrogance. And then self-important, self-centered
mind.
This is the fundamental cause of all the challenges and difficulties that what we go through, what
every other living beings go through, and look to the end of the world.
When we read in the gospel, when we watch television, how many sufferings are going in the
different places? Where that started? It's not started with love.
It not started with compassion. It not started with understanding, respect, and opportunity, every
living beings. It all started with these emotions.
We can see this, and we can see ourself. That's what. So, what Tara means? Liberating from these
troubles, liberating that emotions, liberating that result of the emotion is difficult in troubles.
That is Mother Tara. That is Mother Tara. One is Absolute Mother Tara. Absolute Tara, Mother Tara
is no other than compassion, loving kindness, and understanding.
That is Absolute Mother. That is really Mother. That nourishes to us, nourishes to others.
Even our sorrow, when you generate that love and compassion, it nourishes us. It brings
satisfaction, joy, peace, happiness, something that you feel I did something good.
It's rewarding. Very uplifting. That is Mother Tara's nature.
This Mother Tara is not just outside. It's really right here.
But what we are going to learn is that because of the Mother Tara, the externally enlightened
beings, the living Mother Tara will help us to bring these qualities and bloom that full bloom
status, blooming up or lighting up that qualities.
That is the really the Mother Tara nature. Nature and the qualities. So, that is what we are going
to discuss. This is what we are going to learn these days.